so next test is going to be with the
sl55 to 210 millimeter talents made for
the next cameras this is of course in
the crop mode now and this is one of the
lenses that are known to be quite
slowing out of focusing there is a long
throw
it's a zoom lens it's a cheap zoom once
I would say the performance is not that
bad at all nevertheless let's see now in
good light how long it will take it I
had to focus to the target I put it on
200 millimeters this is I think the most
challenging situation so let's see that
I have to switch it back to autofocus
now we are ready to start let's start
that was it I think not bad at all I
don't know what you will think but I
think it's it's quite good right and
once again there is less light now in
the room and the zoom is still set on
200 millimeters
it's the sl55 to 210 millimeter kit lens
made for Sony and once again we'll try
the focus speed I will first defocus the
lens turning it all the way down to the
closest possible focus now I will switch
it back to the autofocus mode and let's
see how fast it can be three two one now
it still locked the focus in this dim
light and I would say that this is quite
good autofocus performance back to the
most challenging situation there is no
light in the room almost none let's see
if the camera can acquire the focus in
such a dim conditions it's actually the
same conditions as they were with 35
millimeter lenses but you saw that
little window on the left side now we
can see it in the framing so it's see
now there in reality what you see
is how much light is in the room so let
me try to defocus the camera first
well the lens actually all the way down
I don't think if you see anything on the
screen but let's try to switch it back
to the autofocus and let's try now to
acquire the focus the camera is hunting
it's still not quite there I would say
yeah now it's stopped but I'm not sure
that this is a critical focus anyway in
this situation with 200 millimeter zoom
it's not surprising that the camera is
not able to focus there is really almost
no light at all